Melissa, how has stigma impacted your life? Well, I've been through a lot
of it. It makes me not want to go to the doctor.
I've tried going on the Safe Supply, and I've been taken off.
Now, do I wanna give it another shot?
I do and I don't. I don't because it's a lot of effort.
Mentally, you have to kind of gear yourself up, ready to go,
right? Get ready for it, and once you start, you want to finish,
right? And I was in the hospital about
two years ago. I was really sick. I had
pancreatitis from drinking, and I ended up... They found out that I had
sepsis, as well. So I was in the hospital for
about a month and a half. I actually had really good care there at St. Paul's.
I even still see one of my nurses walking up and down Hastings, going
back to her clinic. I always say, "Oh, there's my old nurse." The
nurse, I would say like, on a daily, they would come in and
just be happy. It's like a bright light coming in, in the room,
you know? And I was excited. It was like, "Oh, I wonder what
nurse I'm going to get today." So it was a good feeling.
Being in the community, getting to know people,
just sitting and talking with them, it's like, it's not a job.
You know, it makes you feel good just to get to know somebody.
My brother, I said, "Oh, you're a celebrity around here."
'Cause he knew everybody. He couldn't get from here to Oppenheimer without
talking to every single person, because that's who he knew, right? You know,
you saying hi to that one person could save their life.
Give some advice. Would you offer to them if they were watching?
Come talk to us. Come say hi. We're people, too, you know? Don't
be scared or shy. Just come say hi. You'd be amazed.